Improve tests for mapping schemes with FermiSentence (#5873)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

   optional argument to specify a list of measurements to be performed at the end of the circuit, just like `from_qiskit`.
   [(#5818)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5818)

> * Add more complicated tests to cover cases when mapped operator is different for various mapping schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add more fermionic-to-qubit tests to cover cases when the mapped operator is different for various mapping schemes.
```
